DOC: improvements to "Passing arguments to Meson" and "Using config settings" pages (#358)
mesonbuild/meson-python: docs/how-to-guides/meson-args.rst

.. _how-to-guides-meson-args:

**************************
Passing arguments to Meson

> **************************

Reviewer: Why?

Author: Because it looks nicer and we don't need to make every mention to Meson a link to the Meson home page. We don't do it in the text and I don't see any reason to do it in titles.

> ``meson-python`` invokes the ``meson setup``, ``ninja``, and ``meson
> install`` to build the files that will be included in the Python

Reviewer: typo: missing the word "commands"

```suggestion
``meson-python`` invokes the ``meson setup``, ``ninja``, and ``meson
install`` commands to build the files that will be included in the Python
```

.. todo::
``meson-python`` invokes the ``meson setup``, ``ninja``, and ``meson
install`` to build the files that will be included in the Python
wheel, and ``meson dist`` to collect the files that will be included
in the Python sdist.

   - Mention the order in which Meson arguments are added, and how it affect
     Meson

Advanced Meson options can be accessed by specifying extra arguments to the
individual Meson commands:

   - meson dist: https://mesonbuild.com/Commands.html#dist
   - meson setup: https://mesonbuild.com/Commands.html#setup
   - meson compile: https://mesonbuild.com/Commands.html#compile

>    - meson install: https://mesonbuild.com/Commands.html#install

Reviewer: I think this is relevant to keep.

build front-end as ``setup-args``, ``compile-args``, ``install-args``,
and ``dist-args`` :ref:`config settings <how-to-guides-config-settings>`.

> Configuration settings specified via the Python build front-end have
> precedence over and override the ones specified in ``pyproject.toml``.

Reviewer: They don't override, they can be used to override though. As-is, the sentence can read as if you pass configs via the build frontend, we will ignore the settings specified in `pyproject.toml`.

```suggestion
Configuration settings specified via the Python build front-end have
precedence over, and be used to override, the ones specified in ``pyproject.toml``.
```

``meson-python`` overrides some of the default Meson options, see
:ref:`explanations-default-options`. User options specified via

> ``pyproject.toml`` or via Python build front-end config settings
> override the ``meson-python`` defaults..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pyproject.toml`` or via Python build front-end config settings
can be used to override the ``meson-python`` defaults.
```

        .. code-block:: console

           $ python -m build -Csetup-args="--default-library=static" .

    .. tab-item:: pip
        :sync: key_pip

        .. code-block:: console

> 	   $ python -m pip wheel . --config-settings=setup-args="--default-library=static" .

Reviewer: There's still a tab here.

```suggestion
           $ python -m pip wheel . --config-settings=setup-args="--default-library=static" .
```

Select the build targets to include in the wheel
------------------------------------------------

It is possible to include in the Python wheel only a subset of the

> installable files using Meson `installation tags`_ via the ``meson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
installable files using Meson `installation tags`_, via the ``meson
```

Author: No, a comma there is grammatically incorrect.

> install``'s ``--tags`` command line option. When ``--tags`` is
> specified, only files that have been tagged with one of the tags are
> going to be installed. Meson sets predefined tags on some
> files. Custom installation tag can be set using the ``install_tag``
> keyword argument passed to the target definition function.  In this
> example only targets tagged with ``runtime`` or ``python-runtime`` are
> included in the Python wheel.

Reviewer: I'd make a new paragraph here, also suggested rewording.

I'd skip the large tags explanation, though, and simply point the user to the Meson docs. This is supposed to just show you what you can do, not to be a full tutorial (we can make it a full tutorial, though).

typo: "Custom installation tag can" > "Custom installation tags can"

```suggestion
install``'s ``--tags`` command line option. When ``--tags`` is specified,
only files that have one of the specified tags are going to be installed.

Meson sets predefined tags on certain files. Custom installation tags can
be set using the ``install_tag`` keyword argument passed to the target
definition function.  In this example only targets tagged with ``runtime``
or ``python-runtime`` are included in the Python wheel.
```

Author: This text was in the document before. I just edited it be readable.

        .. code-block:: console

> 	   $ python -m build -install-args="--tags=runtime,python-runtime" .

Reviewer: There's still a tab here.

```suggestion
           $ python -m build -install-args="--tags=runtime,python-runtime" .
```

    .. tab-item:: pip
        :sync: key_pip

        .. code-block:: console

> 	   $ python -m pip wheel . --config-settings=install-args="--tags=runtime,python-runtime" .

Reviewer: Same.

```suggestion
           $ python -m pip wheel . --config-settings=install-args="--tags=runtime,python-runtime" .
```

        .. code-block:: console

> 	   $ python -m build -Csetup-args="-Doptimization=3" .

Reviewer: Same.

```suggestion
           $ python -m build -Csetup-args="-Doptimization=3" .
```

    .. tab-item:: pip
        :sync: key_pip

        .. code-block:: console

> 	   $ python -m pip wheel . --config-settings=setup-args="-Doptimization=3" .

Reviewer: Same.

```suggestion
           $ python -m pip wheel . --config-settings=setup-args="-Doptimization=3" .
```
